# Go API client for amazonattribution

**Amazon Attribution**<br/>    Amazon Attribution is an advertising measurement product that enables advertisers to understand the impact that their non-Amazon ads (i.e. Google Ads, Facebook, Microsoft Ads) have in driving shopping activity on Amazon. Measuring ads using Amazon Attribution is done through implementing Attribution tags on non-Amazon ads. Amazon Attribution is currently available in beta for US, CA, UK, DE, FR, IT, and ES vendors and professional sellers enrolled in Brand Registry.<br/><br/>    **Amazon Attribution API**<br/>    The Amazon Attribution API enables agencies and integrators to easily retrieve their advertiser client's non-Amazon publisher attribution tags to automate tag implementation on their non-Amazon ads that link to an Amazon product or Stores page. The API also enables agencies and integrators to create and retrieve reporting on behalf of their advertiser clients to better understand Amazon conversion performance on their campaigns.<br/><br/>    Note that you must pass a header named **Amazon-Advertising-Api-Scope** with each call to an  Amazon Attribution API URI, including GET /advertisers. The value for this header is the **profileId** available from the **Profiles resource (/v2/profiles)**.<br/><br/>    For more information on the functionality, see the [Amazon Attribution API help topic](amazon-attribution/overview). For API onboarding information, see the [account setup](setting-up/account-setup) topic.<br/><br/>**</br></br>[Amazon Advertising API Support JIRA Service Desk - Website](https://amzn-clicks.atlassian.net/servicedesk/customer/user/login?destination=portals)</br>[Amazon Advertising API License Agreement](https://advertising.amazon.com/API/docs/license-agreement)

## Overview
This API client was generated by the [swagger-codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen) project.  By using the [swagger-spec](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-spec) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 3.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build package: io.swagger.codegen.v3.generators.go.GoClientCodegen

## Installation
Put the package under your project folder and add the following in import:
```golang
import "./amazonattribution"
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to */*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*AdvertisersApi* | [**GetAdvertisersByProfile**](docs/AdvertisersApi.md#getadvertisersbyprofile) | **Get** /attribution/advertisers | Gets a list of advertisers associated with an Amazon Attribution account.
*AttributionTagsApi* | [**GetPublisherAttributionTagTemplate**](docs/AttributionTagsApi.md#getpublisherattributiontagtemplate) | **Get** /attribution/tags/macroTag | Gets a list of attribution tags for third-party publisher campaigns that support macros.
*AttributionTagsApi* | [**GetPublisherMacroAttributionTag**](docs/AttributionTagsApi.md#getpublishermacroattributiontag) | **Get** /attribution/tags/nonMacroTemplateTag | Gets a list of attribution tags for third-party publisher campaigns that do not support macros.
*PublishersApi* | [**GetPublishers**](docs/PublishersApi.md#getpublishers) | **Get** /attribution/publishers | Gets a list of all available publishers.
*ReportsApi* | [**GetAttributionTagsByCampaign**](docs/ReportsApi.md#getattributiontagsbycampaign) | **Post** /attribution/report | Gets an attribution report for a specified list of advertisers.

## Documentation For Models

 - [Advertiser](docs/Advertiser.md)
 - [AdvertiserResponse](docs/AdvertiserResponse.md)
 - [AllOfPublisherId](docs/AllOfPublisherId.md)
 - [AttributionTagResponse](docs/AttributionTagResponse.md)
 - [MaaSError](docs/MaaSError.md)
 - [Publisher](docs/Publisher.md)
 - [PublishersResponse](docs/PublishersResponse.md)
 - [ReportEntry](docs/ReportEntry.md)
 - [ReportRequestBody](docs/ReportRequestBody.md)
 - [ReportResponse](docs/ReportResponse.md)

## Documentation For Authorization
 Endpoints do not require authorization.


## Author


