# ReportRequestBody

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**AdvertiserIds** | **string** | One or more advertiser Ids to filter reporting by. If requesting reporting for multiple advertiser Ids, input via a comma-delimited list. | [optional] [default to null]
**Count** | **int32** | The number of entries to include in the report. | [optional] [default to null]
**CursorId** | **string** | The value of &#x60;cursorId&#x60; must be set to &#x60;null&#x60; without &#x60;\&quot;\&quot;&#x60;, or set to &#x60;\&quot;\&quot;&#x60; for the first request. For each following request, the value of &#x60;cursorId&#x60; from the previous response must be included in the current request. Note that for the cursorId values the &#x60;\&quot;&#x60; character must be escaped with &#x60;\\&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**EndDate** | **string** | The end date for the report, form as \&quot;YYYYMMDD\&quot; | [optional] [default to null]
**GroupBy** | **string** | For Performance report only - controls level of aggregation. Value can be &#x60;CAMPAIGN&#x60;, &#x60;ADGROUP&#x60;, or &#x60;CREATIVE&#x60;. Default is &#x60;CREATIVE&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**Metrics** | **string** | A comma-delimited list of metrics to include in the report. In the report, each metric’s value reflects the events which took place on the row’s date; in other words, events are reported on the date they occurred, not on the date of the attributed click. Attribution is calculated using a 14-day last-click model. For more detail on attribution methodology, see the [Measurement](https://advertising.amazon.com/API/docs/en-us/amazon-attribution/how-to#measurement) section of the API guide. View the list of available metrics for each report type below.\&quot;Promoted products\&quot; refers to products associated with the campaign. |Metrics for reportType&#x60;PERFORMANCE&#x60;| |-------------------|  |Metric  |Description| |--------|-----------| |Click-throughs|Ad clicks.| |attributedDetailPageViewsClicks14d|Ad click-attributed detail page views for promoted product.| |attributedAddToCartClicks14d|Ad click-attributed add to carts for promoted products.| |attributedPurchases14d|Ad click-attributed purchases for promoted products.| |unitsSold14d|Ad click-attributed units sold for promoted products.| |attributedSales14d|Ad click-attributed sales for promoted products in local currency.| |attributedTotalDetailPageViewsClicks14d|Ad click-attributed detail page views  for promoted products plus brand halo products.| |attributedTotalAddToCartClicks14d|Ad click-attributed add to carts for promoted products plus brand halo products.| |attributedTotalPurchases14d|Ad click-attributed purchases for promoted products plus brand halo products.| |totalUnitsSold14d|Ad click-attributed units sold for promoted products plus brand halo products.| |totalAttributedSales14d|Ad click-attributed attributed sales for promoted products plus brand halo products.| |brb_bonus_amount|Estimated ad-attributed Brand Referral Bonus credit amount in local currency. Will be omitted from response if advertiser is not a BRB-enrolled seller or request does not include a ‘metrics’ list. Requests for this metric must groupBy ADGROUP or CAMPAIGN, or will result in an error 400. Please refer to &lt;https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/help/external/L9HPJ34VBFP76HX&gt; to learn more about BRB program.| |kindleEditionNormalizedPagesRead14d| Number of attributed Kindle edition pages read within 14 days of ad click.| |kindleEditionNormalizedPagesRoyalties14d|The estimated royalties of attributed estimated Kindle edition normalized pages within 14 days of ad click.|  |Metrics for reportType&#x60;PRODUCTS&#x60;| |-------------------|  |Metric  |Description| |--------|-----------| |attributedDetailPageViewsClicks14d|Ad click-attributed detail page views for promoted products.| |attributedAddToCartClicks14d|Ad click-attributed add to carts for promoted products.| |attributedPurchases14d|Ad click-attributed purchases for promoted products.| |unitsSold14d|Ad click-attributed units sold for promoted products.| |attributedSales14d|Ad click-attributed sales for promoted products in local currency.| |brandHaloDetailPageViewsClicks14d|Ad click-attributed detail page views for brand halo products.| |brandHaloAttributedAddToCartClicks14d|Ad click-attributed add to carts for brand halo products.| |brandHaloAttributedPurchases14d|Ad click-attributed purchases for brand halo products.| |brandHaloUnitsSold14d|Ad click-attributed units sold for brand halo products.| |brandHaloAttributedSales14d|Ad click-attributed attributed sales for brand halo products.| |attributedNewToBrandPurchases14d|Ad click-attributed new-to-brand purchases for promoted products. A purchase is new-to-brand when a shopper purchases a product from the brand for the first time in the past year.| |attributedNewToBrandUnitsSold14d|Ad click-attributed units sold in new-to-brand purchases for promoted products. A purchase is new-to-brand when a shopper purchases a product from the brand for the first time in the past year.| |attributedNewToBrandSales14d|Ad click-attributed sales of new-to-brand purchases for promoted products in local currency. A purchase is new-to-brand when a shopper purchases a product from the brand for the first time in the past year.| |brandHaloNewToBrandPurchases14d|Ad click-attributed new-to-brand purchases for brand halo products. A purchase is new-to-brand when a shopper purchases a product from the brand for the first time in the past year.| |brandHaloNewToBrandUnitsSold14d|Ad click-attributed units sold in new-to-brand purchases for brand halo products. A purchase is new-to-brand when a shopper purchases a product from the brand for the first time in the past year.| |brandHaloNewToBrandSales14d|Ad click-attributed sales of new-to-brand purchases for brand halo products in local currency. A purchase is new-to-brand when a shopper purchases a product from the brand for the first time in the past year.| |kindleEditionNormalizedPagesRead14d| The no of pages read attributed to ad click-throughs within 14 days.| |kindleEditionNormalizedPagesRoyalties14d|The estimated royalties of attributed estimated Kindle edition normalized pages within 14 days of ad click.| | [optional] [default to null]
**ReportType** | **string** | The type of report. Either &#x60;PERFORMANCE&#x60; or &#x60;PRODUCTS&#x60;. It is an optional parameter. If not used in request body, default reportType is &#x60;PERFORMANCE&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**StartDate** | **string** | The start date for the report, in \&quot;YYYYMMDD\&quot; format. For reportType &#x60;PRODUCTS&#x60;, startDate can only be within last 90 days from current date. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

