# Go API client for brandmetrics

Brand Metrics provides a new measurement solution that quantifies opportunities for your brand at each stage of the customer journey on Amazon, and helps brands understand the value of different shopping engagements that impact stages of that journey. You can now access Awareness and Consideration indices that compare your performance to peers using models predictive of consideration and sales. Brand Metrics quantifies the number of customers in the awareness and consideration marketing funnel stages and is built at scale to measure all shopping engagements with your brand on Amazon, not just ad-attributed engagements. Additionally, BM breaks out key shopping engagements at each stage of the shopping journey, along with the Return on Engagement, so you can measure the historical sales following a consideration event or purchase.

## Overview
This API client was generated by the [swagger-codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen) project.  By using the [swagger-spec](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-spec) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 3.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build package: io.swagger.codegen.v3.generators.go.GoClientCodegen

## Installation
Put the package under your project folder and add the following in import:
```golang
import "./brandmetrics"
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to */*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*ReportApi* | [**GenerateBrandMetricsReport**](docs/ReportApi.md#generatebrandmetricsreport) | **Post** /insights/brandMetrics/report | Generate Brand Metrics Report. Each response record will include the following dimensional fields (in addition to the requested metrics) brand Namecategory, TreeNamecategory, HierarchylookbackPeriod, metricsComputationDate 
*ReportApi* | [**GetBrandMetricsReport**](docs/ReportApi.md#getbrandmetricsreport) | **Get** /insights/brandMetrics/report/{reportId} | Retrieve the status and the URL of the Brand Metrics Report being generated

## Documentation For Models

 - [BrandMetricsError](docs/BrandMetricsError.md)
 - [BrandMetricsErrorErrors](docs/BrandMetricsErrorErrors.md)
 - [BrandMetricsGenerateReportRequest](docs/BrandMetricsGenerateReportRequest.md)
 - [BrandMetricsGenerateReportRequestV11](docs/BrandMetricsGenerateReportRequestV11.md)
 - [BrandMetricsGenerateReportResponse](docs/BrandMetricsGenerateReportResponse.md)
 - [BrandMetricsGenerateReportResponseV11](docs/BrandMetricsGenerateReportResponseV11.md)
 - [BrandMetricsGetReportByIdResponse](docs/BrandMetricsGetReportByIdResponse.md)
 - [BrandMetricsGetReportByIdResponseBrandsInfo](docs/BrandMetricsGetReportByIdResponseBrandsInfo.md)

## Documentation For Authorization
 Endpoints do not require authorization.


## Author


