# TargetMatchTypeFilter

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Include** | [**[]MatchType**](MatchType.md) | | MatchType | Description | | --- | --- | | &#x60;KEYWORDS_RELATED_TO_YOUR_BRAND&#x60; | Search terms related to your brand. | | &#x60;KEYWORDS_RELATED_TO_YOUR_LANDING_PAGES&#x60; | Search terms related to your landing pages. | | &#x60;KEYWORDS_RELATED_TO_GIFTS&#x60; | Search terms related to gifts. | | &#x60;KEYWORDS_RELATED_TO_YOUR_PRODUCT_CATEGORY&#x60; | Search terms shoppers often use to search for products in the same category as the products you&#x27;re advertising. | | &#x60;KEYWORDS_RELATED_TO_PRIME_DAY&#x60; | Search terms that shoppers are likely to use during Prime Day. These keywords can include terms related to the event, like \&quot;prime day\&quot;, combined with product-specific terms. These keywords can help you expand reach to shoppers during the sales event. These keywords will only match queries through the end of Prime Day. | | &#x60;PRODUCTS_SIMILAR_TO_ADVERTISED_PRODUCTS&#x60; | Products similar to products advertised as part of the ad group. | | &#x60;KEYWORDS_LOOSE_MATCH&#x60; | Search terms loosely matching advertised product. | | &#x60;KEYWORDS_CLOSE_MATCH&#x60; | Search terms closely matching advertised product. | | &#x60;PRODUCT_SUBSTITUTES&#x60; | Products that can be substituted for advertised product. | | &#x60;PRODUCT_COMPLEMENTS&#x60; | Products that complement advertised product. | | &#x60;INTERESTED_AUDIENCE&#x60; | Audiences that are likely interested in the advertised product or service. | | &#x60;PRODUCT_EXACT&#x60; | Products exactly matching the specified product. | | &#x60;PRODUCT_SIMILAR&#x60; | Products similar to the specified product. | | &#x60;EXACT&#x60; | Exact match search terms. | | &#x60;PHRASE&#x60; | Phrase match search terms.This expands matching on user intent beyond EXACT. | | &#x60;BROAD&#x60; | Braod match search terms.This expands matching on user intent beyond PHRASE.  | | [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

