# Go API client for exports

Amazon Ads API to request and download exports across ad products.

## Overview
This API client was generated by the [swagger-codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen) project.  By using the [swagger-spec](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-spec) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 3.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build package: io.swagger.codegen.v3.generators.go.GoClientCodegen

## Installation
Put the package under your project folder and add the following in import:
```golang
import "./exports"
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://advertising-api.amazon.com*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*ExportsApi* | [**AdExport**](docs/ExportsApi.md#adexport) | **Post** /ads/export | Creates a file-based export of Ads.
*ExportsApi* | [**AdGroupExport**](docs/ExportsApi.md#adgroupexport) | **Post** /adGroups/export | Creates a file-based export of Ad Groups.
*ExportsApi* | [**CampaignExport**](docs/ExportsApi.md#campaignexport) | **Post** /campaigns/export | Creates a file-based export of Campaigns.
*ExportsApi* | [**GetExport**](docs/ExportsApi.md#getexport) | **Get** /exports/{exportId} | Gets the status of a requested export and a link to download the export.
*ExportsApi* | [**TargetExport**](docs/ExportsApi.md#targetexport) | **Post** /targets/export | Creates a file-based export of Targets.

## Documentation For Models

 - [BaseUniversalApiExportRequest](docs/BaseUniversalApiExportRequest.md)
 - [TargetsUniversalApiExportRequest](docs/TargetsUniversalApiExportRequest.md)
 - [UniversalApiError](docs/UniversalApiError.md)
 - [UniversalApiExportResponse](docs/UniversalApiExportResponse.md)

## Documentation For Authorization

## OAuth2
- **Type**: OAuth
- **Flow**: accessCode
- **Authorization URL**: https://www.amazon.com/ap/oa
- **Scopes**: 
 - **advertising::audiences**: Grants access to data provider APIs
 - **advertising::campaign_management**: Grants write access to campaign management.
 - **advertising::test:create_account**: Grants write access to create test accounts functionality
 - **cpc_advertising:campaign_management**: Grants write access to campaign management. Legacy name (no difference from advertising::campaign_management)

Example
```golang
auth := context.WithValue(context.Background(), sw.ContextAccessToken, "ACCESSTOKENSTRING")
r, err := client.Service.Operation(auth, args)
```

Or via OAuth2 module to automatically refresh tokens and perform user authentication.
```golang
import "golang.org/x/oauth2"

/* Perform OAuth2 round trip request and obtain a token */

tokenSource := oauth2cfg.TokenSource(createContext(httpClient), &token)
auth := context.WithValue(oauth2.NoContext, sw.ContextOAuth2, tokenSource)
r, err := client.Service.Operation(auth, args)
```

## Author


